docs(web-ssr): restructure V3 docs with Getting Started tutorial (#219)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_ssr/getting-started/connect-mealz-to-your-website.md

```ts
function setupMealzOnPage() {
  window.mealz.basketSync.definePushProductsToCart((products) => {
    // products: { id, quantity }[]
    // quantity > 0 → add to your cart; quantity < 0 → remove
  });

  // Optional but recommended: fetch Mealz' basket early
  window.mealz.basket.initialize();
}

// Call whenever your cart changes (Mealz-related or not)
function onYourCartUpdated(cart) {
  window.mealz.basketSync.retailerBasketChanged(
    cart.products.map((product) => ({
      id: product.id,
      quantity: product.quantity,
    })),
  );
}

// Call when the shopper pays — before you reset the cart
function onYourCartPaid(cart) {
  window.mealz.basketSync.handlePayment(cart.price);
}
```

## Hooks

Before Mealz adds products to the basket, it can call your hook so you can send the shopper to choose a store or log in when needed. Full detail: [Hooks](../set-up-and-usage/hooks).

After that page, add the hook callback to the same client setup:

```ts
function setupMealzOnPage() {
  window.mealz.basketSync.definePushProductsToCart((products) => {
    // ...
  });
  window.mealz.basket.initialize();

>   window.mealz.hook.setHookCallback((isLogged, isPosValid) => {
>     if (!isPosValid) {
>       // Navigate to store selection
>     }
>     if (!isLogged) {
>       // Navigate to login
>     }
>     // Return true only if Mealz should continue adding to the basket
>     return isLogged && isPosValid;

Reviewer: ⚠️ `return isLogged && isPosValid` **bloque tous les guests** : un utilisateur authless a `isLogged === false` mais peut avoir un panier Mealz (cf. Authless-id / planner guests).

Aussi : sans `setHookCallback`, le défaut code return `false` (bloque) — ce n’est pas un no-op.

Si votre site autorise les guests à ajouter au panier Mealz, exiger seulement un store valide :

```suggestion
  window.mealz.hook.setHookCallback((isLogged, isPosValid) => {
    if (!isPosValid) {
      // Navigate to store selection
      return false;
    }
    // Guests (Authless-id) have isLogged === false but can still use a Mealz basket.
    // Force login only if your site requires it for add-to-cart.
    if (!isLogged) {
      // Navigate to login — or omit this and allow guests
    }
    return isPosValid;
  });
```
